Add reusable workflow for building and publishing python packages with poetry (#3)
bakdata/ci-templates: actions/python-poetry-bump-version/README.md

# python-poetry-bump-version

> This composite action bumps the python package version depending on the release type. This action
> uses [poetry version](https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version) command to bump the version and changes the version
> in the `pyproject.toml` file. It will also output the old and new bumped versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This composite action bumps the python package version depending on the release type. The [poetry version](https://python-poetry.org/docs/cli/#version) command is used to bump the version and change it
in the `pyproject.toml` file. It will output the old and new bumped versions.
```
